Thank you very much.
I can come to my daughter's engagement party today
Today you will witness their underground engagement
Now, please stand facing each other.
Answer my question.
Zhou Huaijin
Are you willing to let Shu Qiyu be your wife?
Regardless of birth, old age, illness and death
Love her forever
Miss Zhang Weiying
Do you want Zhou Huaijin to be your husband?
Regardless of birth, old age, illness and death
poor rich
Do you want to? I do.
Zhou Huan, who are you?
Zhou Huan, are you willing to marry Jiao Man as your wife?
Rich or richer
Healthy or healthier, love her forever
Will you never leave?
i
Chen Weiying, if you show up now
I'll drop everything and go with you
I, Huaijin, it's your turn to answer
Everyone is watching
I don't vote abuse
Xiaodi Jiang Xiaodi
Get him out of here
What are you doing here?
Uncle Zhou, you can't marry anyone else
Why? Because you are mine